api-reference/v1.0/api/channel-get-filesfolder.md, before:

---
title: "Get filesFolder"
description: "Retrieve the filesFolder of a channel."
author: "nkramer"
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "microsoft-teams"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get filesFolder

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Get the metadata for the location where the files of a [channel](../resources/channel.md) are stored. 

> [!NOTE]
> Some special characters in the channel name will cause this API to return an error. For details, see [Known issues](/graph/known-issues#create-channel).

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Group.Read.All**, Group.ReadWrite.All** |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Group.Read.All**, Group.ReadWrite.All** |

> **Note**: Permissions marked with ** are supported only for backward compatibility. We recommend that you update your solutions to use an alternative permission listed in the previous table and avoid using these permissions going forward.

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /teams/{id}/channels/{id}/filesFolder
```

## Optional query parameters

This method does not support the [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to customize the response.

## Request headers
| Header       | Value |
|:---------------|:--------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required.  |

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) object in the response body.

## Example
### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_filesFolder"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/teams/{id}/channels/{id}/filesFolder
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-filesfolder-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-filesfolder-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-filesfolder-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-filesfolder-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-filesfolder-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-filesfolder-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response. 

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.team"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#teams('32e3b156-66b2-4135-9aeb-73295a35a55b')/channels('19%3Af253e46c035b42308e9a4a22a87037af%40thread.skype')/filesFolder/$entity",
    "id": "01H7CFEKENJSSIUHGADZBKODARINQC5JMD",
    "createdDateTime": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
    "lastModifiedDateTime": "2020-01-23T18:47:13Z",
    "name": "Documentation Planning",
    "webUrl": "https://microsoft.sharepoint.com/teams/ExtensibilityandFundamentals/Shared%20Documents/Documentation%20Planning",
    "size": 2374080,
    "parentReference": {
        "driveId": "b!2SInBlQrN0K8-GXMy9qNsPtI5ScW8C5IlZtycoy6ZpJZRRtgE4qVTrE8wrvL0-hd",
        "driveType": "documentLibrary"
    },
    "fileSystemInfo": {
        "createdDateTime": "2020-01-23T18:47:12Z",
        "lastModifiedDateTime": "2020-01-23T18:47:13Z"
    },
    "folder": {
        "childCount": 7
    }
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get filesFolder",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/channel-get-filesfolder.md, after:

---
title: "Get filesFolder"
description: "Retrieve the filesFolder of a channel."
author: "nkramer"
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "microsoft-teams"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get filesFolder

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Get the metadata for the location where the files of a [channel](../resources/channel.md) are stored. 

> [!NOTE]
> Some special characters in the channel name will cause this API to return an error. For details, see [Known issues](/graph/known-issues#create-channel).

## Permissions
Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "channel_get_filesfolder" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/channel-get-filesfolder-permissions.md)]

> **Note**: Permissions marked with ** are supported only for backward compatibility. We recommend that you update your solutions to use an alternative permission listed in the previous table and avoid using these permissions going forward.

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /teams/{id}/channels/{id}/filesFolder
```

## Optional query parameters

This method does not support the [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to customize the response.

## Request headers
| Header       | Value |
|:---------------|:--------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required.  |

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) object in the response body.

## Example
### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_filesFolder"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/teams/{id}/channels/{id}/filesFolder
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-filesfolder-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-filesfolder-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-filesfolder-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-filesfolder-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-filesfolder-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-filesfolder-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response. 

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.team"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#teams('32e3b156-66b2-4135-9aeb-73295a35a55b')/channels('19%3Af253e46c035b42308e9a4a22a87037af%40thread.skype')/filesFolder/$entity",
    "id": "01H7CFEKENJSSIUHGADZBKODARINQC5JMD",
    "createdDateTime": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
    "lastModifiedDateTime": "2020-01-23T18:47:13Z",
    "name": "Documentation Planning",
    "webUrl": "https://microsoft.sharepoint.com/teams/ExtensibilityandFundamentals/Shared%20Documents/Documentation%20Planning",
    "size": 2374080,
    "parentReference": {
        "driveId": "b!2SInBlQrN0K8-GXMy9qNsPtI5ScW8C5IlZtycoy6ZpJZRRtgE4qVTrE8wrvL0-hd",
        "driveType": "documentLibrary"
    },
    "fileSystemInfo": {
        "createdDateTime": "2020-01-23T18:47:12Z",
        "lastModifiedDateTime": "2020-01-23T18:47:13Z"
    },
    "folder": {
        "childCount": 7
    }
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get filesFolder",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->
