api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-delete.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Delete a file or folder
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Delete a DriveItem by using its ID or path."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Delete a DriveItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Delete a [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) by using its ID or path.
Note that deleting items using this method will move the items to the recycle bin instead of permanently deleting the item.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}
DELETE /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
DELETE /me/drive/items/{item-id}
DELETE /sites/{siteId}/drive/items/{itemId}
DELETE /users/{userId}/drive/items/{itemId}
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|:--------------|:-------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-match      | String | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided does not match the current tag on the item, a `412 Precondition Failed` response is returned and the item will not be deleted. |

## Example

Here is an example of how to call this API.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "delete-drive-item", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```http
DELETE /me/drive/items/{item-id}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/delete-drive-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/delete-drive-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/delete-drive-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


## Response

If successful, this call returns a `204 No Content` response to indicate that resource was deleted and there was nothing to return.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

### Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more info about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Delete a DriveItem from a drive",
  "keywords": "delete,existing item,onedrive",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Delete",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-delete.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
ms.date: 09/10/2017
title: Delete a file or folder
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Delete a DriveItem by using its ID or path."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Delete a DriveItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Delete a [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) by using its ID or path.
Note that deleting items using this method will move the items to the recycle bin instead of permanently deleting the item.

## Permissions

Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_delete" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-delete-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}
DELETE /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}
DELETE /me/drive/items/{item-id}
DELETE /sites/{siteId}/drive/items/{itemId}
DELETE /users/{userId}/drive/items/{itemId}
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|:--------------|:-------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-match      | String | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided does not match the current tag on the item, a `412 Precondition Failed` response is returned and the item will not be deleted. |

## Example

Here is an example of how to call this API.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "delete-drive-item", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```http
DELETE /me/drive/items/{item-id}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/delete-drive-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/delete-drive-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/delete-drive-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


## Response

If successful, this call returns a `204 No Content` response to indicate that resource was deleted and there was nothing to return.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

### Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more info about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Delete a DriveItem from a drive",
  "keywords": "delete,existing item,onedrive",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Delete",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
