api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitemversion-get.md, before:

---
title: "Get a DriveItemVersion resource"
description: "Retrieve the metadata for a specific version of a DriveItem."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
author: "JeremyKelley"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get a DriveItemVersion resource

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve the metadata for a specific version of a [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md).

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |


## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored"} -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
```

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [DriveItemVersion](../resources/driveitemversion.md) object in the response body.


## Examples

### Example 1: Get specified version of a file

This example retrieves a version of a file in the current user's drive.

#### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-single-version", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-single-version-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-single-version-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-single-version-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


#### Response

This returns a version:

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItemVersion", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "id": "D4990684-58CE-4FAB-9B87-D6C49E74F298",
    "lastModifiedBy": {
    "user": {
        "id": "CE251278-EF9E-4FE5-833C-1D89EEAE68E0",
        "displayName": "Iheanetu Olamma"
    }
    },
    "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-09-14T12:34:53.912Z",
    "size": 123
}
```


### Example 2: Get current version of a file

This example retrieves the current version of a file in the current user's drive.

#### Request



# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-current-version", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/current
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-current-version-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-current-version-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-current-version-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---



#### Response

This returns a version:

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItemVersion", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "id": "D4990684-58CE-4FAB-9B87-D6C49E74F298",
    "lastModifiedBy": {
    "user": {
        "id": "CE251278-EF9E-4FE5-833C-1D89EEAE68E0",
        "displayName": "Iheanetu Olamma"
    }
    },
    "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-09-14T12:34:53.912Z",
    "size": 123
}
```

## Remarks

OneDrive does not preserve the complete metadata for previous versions of a file.

When your app retrieves the list of available versions for a file, a [DriveItemVersion](../resources/driveitemversion.md) resource is returned that provides the available information about the specific version.


<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List, review, and download previous versions of a driveItem",
  "keywords": "version, version history, versions",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Version history",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitemversion-get.md, after:

---
title: "Get a DriveItemVersion resource"
description: "Retrieve the metadata for a specific version of a DriveItem."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
author: "JeremyKelley"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get a DriveItemVersion resource

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve the metadata for a specific version of a [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md).

## Permissions

Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitemversion_get" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitemversion-get-permissions.md)]


## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored"} -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
```

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [DriveItemVersion](../resources/driveitemversion.md) object in the response body.


## Examples

### Example 1: Get specified version of a file

This example retrieves a version of a file in the current user's drive.

#### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-single-version", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/{version-id}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-single-version-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-single-version-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-single-version-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


#### Response

This returns a version:

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItemVersion", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "id": "D4990684-58CE-4FAB-9B87-D6C49E74F298",
    "lastModifiedBy": {
    "user": {
        "id": "CE251278-EF9E-4FE5-833C-1D89EEAE68E0",
        "displayName": "Iheanetu Olamma"
    }
    },
    "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-09-14T12:34:53.912Z",
    "size": 123
}
```


### Example 2: Get current version of a file

This example retrieves the current version of a file in the current user's drive.

#### Request



# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-current-version", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions/current
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-current-version-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-current-version-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-current-version-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---



#### Response

This returns a version:

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItemVersion", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "id": "D4990684-58CE-4FAB-9B87-D6C49E74F298",
    "lastModifiedBy": {
    "user": {
        "id": "CE251278-EF9E-4FE5-833C-1D89EEAE68E0",
        "displayName": "Iheanetu Olamma"
    }
    },
    "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-09-14T12:34:53.912Z",
    "size": 123
}
```

## Remarks

OneDrive does not preserve the complete metadata for previous versions of a file.

When your app retrieves the list of available versions for a file, a [DriveItemVersion](../resources/driveitemversion.md) resource is returned that provides the available information about the specific version.


<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List, review, and download previous versions of a driveItem",
  "keywords": "version, version history, versions",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Version history",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
