api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-get-content.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
title: Download a file
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Download the contents of the primary stream (file) of a driveItem. Only driveItems with the file property can be downloaded."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Download the contents of a DriveItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [tls-1.2-required](../../includes/tls-1.2-required.md)]

Download the contents of the primary stream (file) of a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md). Only **driveItems** with the **file** property can be downloaded.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/content
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/content
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/content
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/content
GET /shares/{shareIdOrEncodedSharingUrl}/driveItem/content
GET /sites/{siteId}/drive/items/{item-id}/content
GET /users/{userId}/drive/items/{item-id}/content
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Value  | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|:--------------|:-------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-none-match | String | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided matches the current tag on the file, an `HTTP 304 Not Modified` response is returned. |

## Example

Here is an example to download a complete file.

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "download-item-content", "scopes": "files.read" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/content
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/download-item-content-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/download-item-content-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/download-item-content-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


### Response

Returns a `302 Found` response redirecting to a pre-authenticated download URL for the file.
This is the same URL available through the `@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl` property on the DriveItem.

To download the contents of the file your application will need to follow the `Location` header in the response.
Many HTTP client libraries will automatically follow the 302 redirection and start downloading the file immediately.

Pre-authenticated download URLs are only valid for a short period of time (a few minutes) and do not require an `Authorization` header to download.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Location: https://b0mpua-by3301.files.1drv.com/y23vmagahszhxzlcvhasdhasghasodfi
```

## Downloading files in JavaScript apps
To download files in a JavaScript app, you cannot use the `/content` API, because this responds with a `302` redirect.
A `302` redirect is explicitly prohibited when a [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) _preflight_ is required, such as when providing the **Authorization** header.

Instead, your app needs to select the `@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl` property, which returns the same URL that `/content` directs to.
This URL can then be requested directly using XMLHttpRequest.
Because these URLs are pre-authenticated, they can be retrieved without a CORS preflight request.

### Example

To retrieve the download URL for a file, first make a request that includes the `@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl` property:

```http
GET /drive/items/{item-ID}?select=id,@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl
```

This returns the ID and download URL for a file:

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": "12319191!11919",
  "@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl": "https://..."
}
```

You can then make an XMLHttpRequest for the URL provided in `@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl` to retrieve the file.

## Partial range downloads

To download a partial range of bytes from the file, your app can use the `Range` header as specified in [RFC 2616](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2616.txt). 
Note that you must append the `Range` header to the actual `@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl` URL and not to the request for `/content`.

<!-- { "blockType": "request", "opaqueUrl": true, "name": "download-item-partial", "scopes": "files.read" } -->

```http
GET https://b0mpua-by3301.files.1drv.com/y23vmag
Range: bytes=0-1023
```

This will return an `HTTP 206 Partial Content` response with the request range of bytes from the file.
If the range cannot be generated the Range header may be ignored and an `HTTP 200` response would be returned with the full contents of the file.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "name": "download-item-partial", "@odata.type": "stream" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 206 Partial Content
Content-Range: bytes 0-1023/2048
Content-Type: application/octet-stream

<first 1024 bytes of file>
```

### Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more info about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Download the contents of a DriveItem.",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Download",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-get-content.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
title: Download a file
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
description: "Download the contents of the primary stream (file) of a driveItem. Only driveItems with the file property can be downloaded."
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# Download the contents of a DriveItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [tls-1.2-required](../../includes/tls-1.2-required.md)]

Download the contents of the primary stream (file) of a [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md). Only **driveItems** with the **file** property can be downloaded.

## Permissions

Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_get_content" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-get-content-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/content
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/content
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/content
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/content
GET /shares/{shareIdOrEncodedSharingUrl}/driveItem/content
GET /sites/{siteId}/drive/items/{item-id}/content
GET /users/{userId}/drive/items/{item-id}/content
```

## Optional request headers

| Name          | Value  | Description                                                                                                                                              |
|:--------------|:-------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| if-none-match | String | If this request header is included and the eTag (or cTag) provided matches the current tag on the file, an `HTTP 304 Not Modified` response is returned. |

## Example

Here is an example to download a complete file.

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "download-item-content", "scopes": "files.read" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/content
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/download-item-content-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/download-item-content-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/download-item-content-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


### Response

Returns a `302 Found` response redirecting to a pre-authenticated download URL for the file.
This is the same URL available through the `@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl` property on the DriveItem.

To download the contents of the file your application will need to follow the `Location` header in the response.
Many HTTP client libraries will automatically follow the 302 redirection and start downloading the file immediately.

Pre-authenticated download URLs are only valid for a short period of time (a few minutes) and do not require an `Authorization` header to download.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Location: https://b0mpua-by3301.files.1drv.com/y23vmagahszhxzlcvhasdhasghasodfi
```

## Downloading files in JavaScript apps
To download files in a JavaScript app, you cannot use the `/content` API, because this responds with a `302` redirect.
A `302` redirect is explicitly prohibited when a [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) _preflight_ is required, such as when providing the **Authorization** header.

Instead, your app needs to select the `@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl` property, which returns the same URL that `/content` directs to.
This URL can then be requested directly using XMLHttpRequest.
Because these URLs are pre-authenticated, they can be retrieved without a CORS preflight request.

### Example

To retrieve the download URL for a file, first make a request that includes the `@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl` property:

```http
GET /drive/items/{item-ID}?select=id,@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl
```

This returns the ID and download URL for a file:

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": "12319191!11919",
  "@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl": "https://..."
}
```

You can then make an XMLHttpRequest for the URL provided in `@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl` to retrieve the file.

## Partial range downloads

To download a partial range of bytes from the file, your app can use the `Range` header as specified in [RFC 2616](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2616.txt). 
Note that you must append the `Range` header to the actual `@microsoft.graph.downloadUrl` URL and not to the request for `/content`.

<!-- { "blockType": "request", "opaqueUrl": true, "name": "download-item-partial", "scopes": "files.read" } -->

```http
GET https://b0mpua-by3301.files.1drv.com/y23vmag
Range: bytes=0-1023
```

This will return an `HTTP 206 Partial Content` response with the request range of bytes from the file.
If the range cannot be generated the Range header may be ignored and an `HTTP 200` response would be returned with the full contents of the file.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "name": "download-item-partial", "@odata.type": "stream" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 206 Partial Content
Content-Range: bytes 0-1023/2048
Content-Type: application/octet-stream

<first 1024 bytes of file>
```

### Error responses

See [Error Responses][error-response] for more info about
how errors are returned.

[error-response]: /graph/errors

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Download the contents of a DriveItem.",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Download",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
