api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-list-versions.md, before:

---
title: "List versions of a driveItem"
description: "OneDrive and SharePoint can be configured to retain the history for files."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
author: "JeremyKelley"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# List versions of a driveItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

OneDrive and SharePoint can be configured to retain the history for files.
Depending on the service and configuration, a new version can be created for each edit, each time the file is saved, manually, or never.

Previous versions of a document may be retained for a finite period of time depending on admin settings which may be unique per user or location.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |


## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored"} -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/versions
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions
```

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and collection of [DriveItemVersion](../resources/driveitemversion.md) objects in the response body.


## Example

This example retrieves the versions of a file in the current user's drive.

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-previous-versions", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-previous-versions-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-previous-versions-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-previous-versions-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


### Response

This returns a collection of versions:

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.driveItemVersion)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value":
  [
    {
      "id": "3.0",
      "lastModifiedBy": {
        "user": {
          "id": "CE251278-EF9E-4FE5-833C-1D89EEAE68E0",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
        }
      },
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-09-14T12:34:53.912Z",
      "size": 123
    },
    {
      "id": "2.0",
      "lastModifiedBy": {
        "user": {
          "id": "CE251278-EF9E-4FE5-833C-1D89EEAE68E0",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
        }
      },
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-09-11T10:21:03.000Z",
      "size": 62
    },
    {
      "id": "1.0",
      "lastModifiedBy": {
        "user": {
          "id": "CE251278-EF9E-4FE5-833C-1D89EEAE68E0",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
        }
      },
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-09-10T15:20:01.125Z",
      "size": 16
    }
  ]
}
```

## Remarks

Versions are returned in descending order (newest to oldest). The OData `$orderBy` query string parameter is not supported.

OneDrive does not preserve the complete metadata for previous versions of a file.

When your app retrieves the list of available versions for a file, a [DriveItemVersion](../resources/driveitemversion.md) resource is returned that provides the available information about the specific version.


<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List, review, and download previous versions of a driveItem",
  "keywords": "version, version history, versions",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Version history",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/driveitem-list-versions.md, after:

---
title: "List versions of a driveItem"
description: "OneDrive and SharePoint can be configured to retain the history for files."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
author: "JeremyKelley"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# List versions of a driveItem

Namespace: microsoft.graph

OneDrive and SharePoint can be configured to retain the history for files.
Depending on the service and configuration, a new version can be created for each edit, each time the file is saved, manually, or never.

Previous versions of a document may be retained for a finite period of time depending on admin settings which may be unique per user or location.

## Permissions

Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_list_versions" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-list-versions-permissions.md)]


## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored"} -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/versions
GET /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions
GET /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions
GET /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/versions
```

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and collection of [DriveItemVersion](../resources/driveitemversion.md) objects in the response body.


## Example

This example retrieves the versions of a file in the current user's drive.

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "get-previous-versions", "scopes": "files.read", "tags": "service.graph" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET /me/drive/items/{item-id}/versions
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-previous-versions-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-previous-versions-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-previous-versions-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


### Response

This returns a collection of versions:

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.driveItemVersion)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value":
  [
    {
      "id": "3.0",
      "lastModifiedBy": {
        "user": {
          "id": "CE251278-EF9E-4FE5-833C-1D89EEAE68E0",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
        }
      },
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-09-14T12:34:53.912Z",
      "size": 123
    },
    {
      "id": "2.0",
      "lastModifiedBy": {
        "user": {
          "id": "CE251278-EF9E-4FE5-833C-1D89EEAE68E0",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
        }
      },
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-09-11T10:21:03.000Z",
      "size": 62
    },
    {
      "id": "1.0",
      "lastModifiedBy": {
        "user": {
          "id": "CE251278-EF9E-4FE5-833C-1D89EEAE68E0",
          "displayName": "Ryan Gregg"
        }
      },
      "lastModifiedDateTime": "2017-09-10T15:20:01.125Z",
      "size": 16
    }
  ]
}
```

## Remarks

Versions are returned in descending order (newest to oldest). The OData `$orderBy` query string parameter is not supported.

OneDrive does not preserve the complete metadata for previous versions of a file.

When your app retrieves the list of available versions for a file, a [DriveItemVersion](../resources/driveitemversion.md) resource is returned that provides the available information about the specific version.


<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List, review, and download previous versions of a driveItem",
  "keywords": "version, version history, versions",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Version history",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
} -->
