api-reference/v1.0/api/nameditem-add.md, before:

---
title: "Add Named Item"
description: Add a new name to the collection of the given scope using the user's locale for the formula.
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "ruoyingl"
ms.prod: workbooks-and-charts
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Add Named Item

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Adds a new name to the collection of the given scope using the user's locale for the formula.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Sites.Read.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Sites.Read.All |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/add
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/names/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/names/add

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|name|string|The name of the named item.|
|reference|Json|The formula or the range that the name will refer to.|
|comment|string|The comment associated with the named item|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [WorkbookNamedItem](../resources/nameditem.md) object in the response body.


## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.

##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "NamedItemcollection_add_1"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/add
Content-type: application/json

{
  "name": "test5",
  "reference": "=Sheet1!$F$15:$N$27",
  "comment": "Comment for the named item"
}


```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/nameditemcollection-add-1-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/nameditemcollection-add-1-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookNamedItem"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#workbookNamedItem",
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.workbookNamedItem",
    "@odata.id": "/users('ca41eb6e-5828-486b-ab52-c3bd1f7a4047')/drive/root/workbook/names(%27test5%27)",
    "comment": "Comment for the named item",
    "name": "test5",
    "scope": "Workbook",
    "type": "Range",
    "value": "Sheet1!$F$15:$N$27",
    "visible": true
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "NamedItemCollection: add",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "suppressions": [],
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/nameditem-add.md, after:

---
title: "Add Named Item"
description: Add a new name to the collection of the given scope using the user's locale for the formula.
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "ruoyingl"
ms.prod: workbooks-and-charts
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Add Named Item

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Adds a new name to the collection of the given scope using the user's locale for the formula.

## Permissions
Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "nameditem_add" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/nameditem-add-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/add
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/names/add
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/names/add

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|name|string|The name of the named item.|
|reference|Json|The formula or the range that the name will refer to.|
|comment|string|The comment associated with the named item|

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code and [WorkbookNamedItem](../resources/nameditem.md) object in the response body.


## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.

##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "NamedItemcollection_add_1"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/add
Content-type: application/json

{
  "name": "test5",
  "reference": "=Sheet1!$F$15:$N$27",
  "comment": "Comment for the named item"
}


```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/nameditemcollection-add-1-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/nameditemcollection-add-1-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookNamedItem"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#workbookNamedItem",
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.workbookNamedItem",
    "@odata.id": "/users('ca41eb6e-5828-486b-ab52-c3bd1f7a4047')/drive/root/workbook/names(%27test5%27)",
    "comment": "Comment for the named item",
    "name": "test5",
    "scope": "Workbook",
    "type": "Range",
    "value": "Sheet1!$F$15:$N$27",
    "visible": true
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "NamedItemCollection: add",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "suppressions": [],
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
