api-reference/v1.0/api/rangeformat-update.md, before:

---
title: "Update rangeformat"
description: "Update the properties of rangeformat object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update rangeformat

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Update the properties of rangeformat object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/format
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format
```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|columnWidth|double|Gets or sets the width of all colums within the range. If the column widths are not uniform, null will be returned.|
|horizontalAlignment|string|Represents the horizontal alignment for the specified object. The possible values are: `General`, `Left`, `Center`, `Right`, `Fill`, `Justify`, `CenterAcrossSelection`, `Distributed`.|
|rowHeight|double|Gets or sets the height of all rows in the range. If the row heights are not uniform null will be returned.|
|verticalAlignment|string|Represents the vertical alignment for the specified object. The possible values are: `Top`, `Center`, `Bottom`, `Justify`, `Distributed`.|
|wrapText|boolean|Indicates if Excel wraps the text in the object. A null value indicates that the entire range doesn't have uniform wrap setting|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [WorkbookRangeFormat](../resources/rangeformat.md) object in the response body.
## Example

### Update the format, fill, and font properties in three table cells

The following examples demonstrate how to update properties of the [WorkbookRangeFormat](../resources/rangeformat.md), [WorkbookRangeFill](../resources/rangefill.md), and [WorkbookRangeFont](../resources/rangefont.md) properties of a specified range.

The result of this set of requests is a table with three cells formatted like the top three cells in the image below.

![Excel chart table with three cells whose format, fill, and font properties have been updated.](https://cdn.graph.office.net/prod/GraphDocuments/en-us/concepts/images/ExcelRangeFormatting.png)

##### Request
This request updates the vertical alignment, row height, and column height of the first cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$A$1')/format
Content-type: application/json

{
  "columnWidth": 135,
  "verticalAlignment": "Top",
  "rowHeight": 49,
  "wrapText": false
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFormat"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "columnWidth": 135,
    "horizontalAlignment": "General",
    "rowHeight": 49,
    "verticalAlignment": "Top",
    "wrapText": false
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the font style, size, and color of the first cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_font"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$A$1')/format/font
Content-type: application/json

{
  "bold": true,
  "color": "#4B180E",
  "size": 26
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-font-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-font-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFont"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "bold": true,
    "color": "#4B180E",
    "italic": false,
    "name": "Calibri",
    "size": 26,
    "underline": "None"
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the background color of the first cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_fill"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$A$1')/format/fill
Content-type: application/json

{
  "color": "#FF0000"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-fill-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-fill-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFill"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "color": "#FF0000"
}
```
##### Request
This request updates the vertical alignment, horizontal alignment, row height, and column height of the second cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_two"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$B$1')/format
Content-type: application/json

{
  "columnWidth": 135,
  "horizontalAlignment": "Center",
  "verticalAlignment": "Center",
  "rowHeight": 49,
  "wrapText": false
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-two-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-two-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFormat"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "columnWidth": 135,
    "horizontalAlignment": "Center",
    "rowHeight": 49,
    "verticalAlignment": "Center",
    "wrapText": false
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the font style and size of the second cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_font_two"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$B$1')/format/font
Content-type: application/json

{
  "italic": true,
  "size": 26
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-font-two-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-font-two-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFont"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "bold": false,
    "color": "#000000",
    "italic": true,
    "name": "Calibri",
    "size": 26,
    "underline": "None"
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the background color of the second cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_fill_two"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$B$1')/format/fill
Content-type: application/json

{
  "color": "#00FF00"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-fill-two-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-fill-two-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFill"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "color": "#00FF00"
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the horizontal alignment, vertical alignment, row height, and column height of the third cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_three"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$C$1')/format
Content-type: application/json

{
  "columnWidth": 135,
  "horizontalAlignment": "Right",
  "verticalAlignment": "Top",
  "rowHeight": 49,
  "wrapText": false
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-three-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-three-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFormat"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "columnWidth": 135,
    "horizontalAlignment": "Right",
    "rowHeight": 49,
    "verticalAlignment": "Top",
    "wrapText": false
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the font style, size, and color of the third cell. Note that the underline property takes **Single** or **Double** as values.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_font_three"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$C$1')/format/font
Content-type: application/json

{
  "underline": "Single",
  "color": "#FFFFFF",
  "size": 26
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-font-three-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-font-three-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFont"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "bold": false,
    "color": "#FFFFFF",
    "italic": false,
    "name": "Calibri",
    "size": 26,
    "underline": "Single"
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the background color of the third cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_fill_three"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$C$1')/format/fill
Content-type: application/json

{
  "color": "#0000FF"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-fill-three-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-fill-three-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFill"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "color": "#0000FF"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update rangeformat",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "suppressions": [
    "Error: update_rangeformat_font_three/underline:
      Expected type String but actual was Single. Property: underline, actual value: 'Single'"
  ],
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/rangeformat-update.md, after:

---
title: "Update rangeformat"
description: "Update the properties of rangeformat object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update rangeformat

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Update the properties of rangeformat object.
## Permissions
Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "rangeformat_update" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/rangeformat-update-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/format
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format
```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|columnWidth|double|Gets or sets the width of all colums within the range. If the column widths are not uniform, null will be returned.|
|horizontalAlignment|string|Represents the horizontal alignment for the specified object. The possible values are: `General`, `Left`, `Center`, `Right`, `Fill`, `Justify`, `CenterAcrossSelection`, `Distributed`.|
|rowHeight|double|Gets or sets the height of all rows in the range. If the row heights are not uniform null will be returned.|
|verticalAlignment|string|Represents the vertical alignment for the specified object. The possible values are: `Top`, `Center`, `Bottom`, `Justify`, `Distributed`.|
|wrapText|boolean|Indicates if Excel wraps the text in the object. A null value indicates that the entire range doesn't have uniform wrap setting|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [WorkbookRangeFormat](../resources/rangeformat.md) object in the response body.
## Example

### Update the format, fill, and font properties in three table cells

The following examples demonstrate how to update properties of the [WorkbookRangeFormat](../resources/rangeformat.md), [WorkbookRangeFill](../resources/rangefill.md), and [WorkbookRangeFont](../resources/rangefont.md) properties of a specified range.

The result of this set of requests is a table with three cells formatted like the top three cells in the image below.

![Excel chart table with three cells whose format, fill, and font properties have been updated.](https://cdn.graph.office.net/prod/GraphDocuments/en-us/concepts/images/ExcelRangeFormatting.png)

##### Request
This request updates the vertical alignment, row height, and column height of the first cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$A$1')/format
Content-type: application/json

{
  "columnWidth": 135,
  "verticalAlignment": "Top",
  "rowHeight": 49,
  "wrapText": false
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFormat"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "columnWidth": 135,
    "horizontalAlignment": "General",
    "rowHeight": 49,
    "verticalAlignment": "Top",
    "wrapText": false
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the font style, size, and color of the first cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_font"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$A$1')/format/font
Content-type: application/json

{
  "bold": true,
  "color": "#4B180E",
  "size": 26
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-font-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-font-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFont"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "bold": true,
    "color": "#4B180E",
    "italic": false,
    "name": "Calibri",
    "size": 26,
    "underline": "None"
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the background color of the first cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_fill"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$A$1')/format/fill
Content-type: application/json

{
  "color": "#FF0000"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-fill-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-fill-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFill"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "color": "#FF0000"
}
```
##### Request
This request updates the vertical alignment, horizontal alignment, row height, and column height of the second cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_two"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$B$1')/format
Content-type: application/json

{
  "columnWidth": 135,
  "horizontalAlignment": "Center",
  "verticalAlignment": "Center",
  "rowHeight": 49,
  "wrapText": false
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-two-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-two-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFormat"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "columnWidth": 135,
    "horizontalAlignment": "Center",
    "rowHeight": 49,
    "verticalAlignment": "Center",
    "wrapText": false
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the font style and size of the second cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_font_two"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$B$1')/format/font
Content-type: application/json

{
  "italic": true,
  "size": 26
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-font-two-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-font-two-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFont"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "bold": false,
    "color": "#000000",
    "italic": true,
    "name": "Calibri",
    "size": 26,
    "underline": "None"
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the background color of the second cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_fill_two"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$B$1')/format/fill
Content-type: application/json

{
  "color": "#00FF00"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-fill-two-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-fill-two-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFill"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "color": "#00FF00"
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the horizontal alignment, vertical alignment, row height, and column height of the third cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_three"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$C$1')/format
Content-type: application/json

{
  "columnWidth": 135,
  "horizontalAlignment": "Right",
  "verticalAlignment": "Top",
  "rowHeight": 49,
  "wrapText": false
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-three-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-three-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFormat"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "columnWidth": 135,
    "horizontalAlignment": "Right",
    "rowHeight": 49,
    "verticalAlignment": "Top",
    "wrapText": false
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the font style, size, and color of the third cell. Note that the underline property takes **Single** or **Double** as values.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_font_three"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$C$1')/format/font
Content-type: application/json

{
  "underline": "Single",
  "color": "#FFFFFF",
  "size": 26
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-font-three-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-font-three-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFont"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "bold": false,
    "color": "#FFFFFF",
    "italic": false,
    "name": "Calibri",
    "size": 26,
    "underline": "Single"
}
```

##### Request
This request updates the background color of the third cell. 


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangeformat_fill_three"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{sheet-id}/range(address='$C$1')/format/fill
Content-type: application/json

{
  "color": "#0000FF"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangeformat-fill-three-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangeformat-fill-three-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFill"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "color": "#0000FF"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update rangeformat",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "suppressions": [
    "Error: update_rangeformat_font_three/underline:
      Expected type String but actual was Single. Property: underline, actual value: 'Single'"
  ],
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
