api-reference/v1.0/api/tablesort-clear.md, before:

---
title: "TableSort: clear"
description: "Clears the sorting that is currently on the table. While this doesn't modify the table's ordering, it clears the state of the header buttons."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "lumine2008"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# TableSort: clear

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Clears the sorting that is currently on the table. While this doesn't modify the table's ordering, it clears the state of the header buttons.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/sort/clear
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/sort/clear
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/sort/clear
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/sort/clear

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "tablesort_clear"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/sort/clear
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/tablesort-clear-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/tablesort-clear-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "TableSort: clear",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/tablesort-clear.md, after:

---
title: "TableSort: clear"
description: "Clears the sorting that is currently on the table. While this doesn't modify the table's ordering, it clears the state of the header buttons."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "lumine2008"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# TableSort: clear

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Clears the sorting that is currently on the table. While this doesn't modify the table's ordering, it clears the state of the header buttons.
## Permissions
Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "tablesort_clear" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/tablesort-clear-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/sort/clear
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/sort/clear
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/sort/clear
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/tables/{id|name}/sort/clear

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body

## Response

If successful, this method returns `200 OK` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "tablesort_clear"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/sort/clear
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/tablesort-clear-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/tablesort-clear-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "TableSort: clear",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->
