api-reference/v1.0/api/workbook-createsession.md, before:

---
title: "workbook: createSession"
description: "Create a new workbook session."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# workbook: createSession

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Create a new workbook session. 

Excel APIs can be called in one of two modes: 

1. Persistent session - All changes made to the workbook are persisted (saved). This is the usual mode of operation. 
2. Non-persistent session - Changes made by the API are not saved to the source location. Instead, the Excel backend server keeps a temporary copy of the file that reflects the changes made during that particular API session. When the Excel session expires, the changes are lost. This mode is useful for apps that need to do analysis or obtain the results of a calculation or a chart image, but not affect the document state.   

To represent the session in the API, use the `workbook-session-id: {session-id}` header. 

>**Note:** The session header is not required for an Excel API to work. However, we recommend that you use the session header to improve performance. If you don't use a session header, changes made during the API call _are_ persisted to the file.  

In some cases, creating a new session requires an indeterminate time to complete. Microsoft Graph also provides a long running operations pattern. This pattern provides a way to poll for creation status updates, without waiting for the creation to complete. The following are the steps:

1. A `Prefer: respond-async` header is added to the request to indicate that it is a long-running operation.
2. The response returns a `Location` header to specify the URL for polling the creation operation status. You can get the operation status by accessing the specified URL. The status will be one of the following: `notStarted`, `running`, `succeeded`, or `failed`.
3. After the operation completes, you can request the status again and the response will show either `succeeded` or `failed`.

## Error handling

This request might occasionally receive a 504 HTTP error. The appropriate response to this error is to repeat the request.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/createSession
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/createSession
```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [workbookSessionInfo](../resources/workbooksessioninfo.md) object.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 Created` response code and a [workbookSessionInfo](../resources/workbooksessioninfo.md) object in the response body. For a long-running operation, it returns a `202 Accepted ` response code and a `Location` header with an empty body in the response.

## Examples

### Example 1: Session creation with long-running operation pattern

#### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_excel_session_with_long_running"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{drive-item-id}/workbook/createSession
Prefer: respond-async
Content-type: application/json

{
    "persistChanges": true
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-excel-session-with-long-running-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-excel-session-with-long-running-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. 

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookSessionInfo"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
Location: https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{drive-item-id}/workbook/operations/{operation-id}
Content-type: application/json

{
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79 
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Example",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->

With the `202 Accepted` response, please see [Work with APIs that take a long time to complete](/concepts/workbook-best-practice.md#work-with-apis-that-take-a-long-time-to-complete) for how to retrieve the operation status and get the session creation result.

### Example 2: Basic session creation

#### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_excel_session"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/createSession
Content-type: application/json

{
  "persistChanges": true
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-excel-session-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-excel-session-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookSessionInfo"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "id-value",
  "persistChanges": true
}
```

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/workbook-createsession.md, after:

---
title: "workbook: createSession"
description: "Create a new workbook session."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# workbook: createSession

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Create a new workbook session. 

Excel APIs can be called in one of two modes: 

1. Persistent session - All changes made to the workbook are persisted (saved). This is the usual mode of operation. 
2. Non-persistent session - Changes made by the API are not saved to the source location. Instead, the Excel backend server keeps a temporary copy of the file that reflects the changes made during that particular API session. When the Excel session expires, the changes are lost. This mode is useful for apps that need to do analysis or obtain the results of a calculation or a chart image, but not affect the document state.   

To represent the session in the API, use the `workbook-session-id: {session-id}` header. 

>**Note:** The session header is not required for an Excel API to work. However, we recommend that you use the session header to improve performance. If you don't use a session header, changes made during the API call _are_ persisted to the file.  

In some cases, creating a new session requires an indeterminate time to complete. Microsoft Graph also provides a long running operations pattern. This pattern provides a way to poll for creation status updates, without waiting for the creation to complete. The following are the steps:

1. A `Prefer: respond-async` header is added to the request to indicate that it is a long-running operation.
2. The response returns a `Location` header to specify the URL for polling the creation operation status. You can get the operation status by accessing the specified URL. The status will be one of the following: `notStarted`, `running`, `succeeded`, or `failed`.
3. After the operation completes, you can request the status again and the response will show either `succeeded` or `failed`.

## Error handling

This request might occasionally receive a 504 HTTP error. The appropriate response to this error is to repeat the request.

## Permissions
Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "workbook_createsession" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/workbook-createsession-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/createSession
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/createSession
```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [workbookSessionInfo](../resources/workbooksessioninfo.md) object.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 Created` response code and a [workbookSessionInfo](../resources/workbooksessioninfo.md) object in the response body. For a long-running operation, it returns a `202 Accepted ` response code and a `Location` header with an empty body in the response.

## Examples

### Example 1: Session creation with long-running operation pattern

#### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_excel_session_with_long_running"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{drive-item-id}/workbook/createSession
Prefer: respond-async
Content-type: application/json

{
    "persistChanges": true
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-excel-session-with-long-running-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-excel-session-with-long-running-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. 

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookSessionInfo"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
Location: https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{drive-item-id}/workbook/operations/{operation-id}
Content-type: application/json

{
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79 
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Example",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}-->

With the `202 Accepted` response, please see [Work with APIs that take a long time to complete](/concepts/workbook-best-practice.md#work-with-apis-that-take-a-long-time-to-complete) for how to retrieve the operation status and get the session creation result.

### Example 2: Basic session creation

#### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_excel_session"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/createSession
Content-type: application/json

{
  "persistChanges": true
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-excel-session-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-excel-session-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookSessionInfo"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-type: application/json

{
  "id": "id-value",
  "persistChanges": true
}
```
