api-reference/v1.0/api/workbookapplication-calculate.md, before:

---
title: "workbookApplication: calculate"
description: "Recalculate all currently opened workbooks in Excel."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "grangeryy"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# workbookApplication: calculate

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Recalculate all currently opened workbooks in Excel.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/application/calculate
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/application/calculate

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Content-type | application/json. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|calculationType|string|Specifies the calculation type to use.  Possible values are: `Recalculate`, `Full`, `FullRebuild`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
### Request
Here is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "workbookApplication_calculate"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/application/calculate
Content-type: application/json

{
  "calculationType": "calculationType-value"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/workbookapplication-calculate-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/workbookapplication-calculate-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
Here is an example of the response. 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "workbookApplication: calculate",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/v1.0/api/workbookapplication-calculate.md, after:

---
title: "workbookApplication: calculate"
description: "Recalculate all currently opened workbooks in Excel."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "grangeryy"
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# workbookApplication: calculate

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Recalculate all currently opened workbooks in Excel.

## Permissions
Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "workbookapplication_calculate" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/workbookapplication-calculate-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/application/calculate
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/application/calculate

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Content-type | application/json. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|calculationType|string|Specifies the calculation type to use.  Possible values are: `Recalculate`, `Full`, `FullRebuild`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example
Here is an example of how to call this API.
### Request
Here is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "workbookApplication_calculate"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/application/calculate
Content-type: application/json

{
  "calculationType": "calculationType-value"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/workbookapplication-calculate-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/workbookapplication-calculate-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
Here is an example of the response. 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "workbookApplication: calculate",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
