api-reference/beta/api/activities-list.md, before:

---
author: daspek
title: List activities
description: "List the recent activities that took place on an item or under a hierarchy."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
ms.prod: files
---
# List activities (preview)

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

List the recent [activities](../resources/itemactivity.md) that took place on an item or under a hierarchy.

>**Note:** Activities is in a limited preview and is not yet available to all tenants.

[activities]: ../resources/itemactivity.md

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)
|:--------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------
|Delegated (work or school account)     | Files.Read, Files.ReadWrite, Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.
|Application                            | Files.Read.All, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.Read.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/activities
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/activities
GET /sites/{site-id}/lists/{list-id}/activities
GET /sites/{site-id}/lists/{list-id}/items/{item-id}/activities
```

## Example

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "list-activities" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/activities
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/list-activities-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/list-activities-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.itemActivity)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "value": [
        {
            "action": {
                "comment": {}
            },
            "actor": {
                "user": {
                    "displayName": "Xavier Wilke"
                }
            },
            "id": "EJalEvjV1EgIYFQAAAAAAA==",
            "times": {
                "recordedTime": "2017-07-29T18:34:40Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "action": {
                "edit": {},
                "version": {
                    "newVersion": "2.0"
                }
            },
            "actor": {
                "user": {
                    "displayName": "Judith Clemons"
                }
            },
            "id": "cInT6/fV1EgFYFQAAAAAAA==",
            "times": {
                "recordedTime": "2017-07-29T16:23:35Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "action": {
                "mention": {
                    "mentionees": [
                        {
                            "user": {
                                "displayName": "Judith Clemons"
                            }
                        }
                    ]
                }
            },
            "actor": {
                "user": {
                    "displayName": "Misty Suarez"
                }
            },
            "id": "EBJa0vPV1EjFX1QAAAAAAA==",
            "times": {
                "recordedTime": "2017-07-28T20:14:14Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "action": {
                "rename": {
                    "oldName": "Document2.docx"
                }
            },
            "actor": {
                "user": {
                    "displayName": "Misty Suarez"
                }
            },
            "id": "QFJFlfPV1Ei/X1QAAAAAAA==",
            "times": {
                "recordedTime": "2017-07-28T20:12:32Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "action": {
                "create": {}
            },
            "actor": {
                "user": {
                    "displayName": "Misty Suarez"
                }
            },
            "id": "IJydkPPV1Ei9X1QAAAAAAA==",
            "times": {
                "recordedTime": "2017-07-28T20:02:24Z"
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Site/List sites",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/activities-list.md, after:

---
author: daspek
title: List activities
description: "List the recent activities that took place on an item or under a hierarchy."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
ms.prod: files
---
# List activities (preview)

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

List the recent [activities](../resources/itemactivity.md) that took place on an item or under a hierarchy.

>**Note:** Activities is in a limited preview and is not yet available to all tenants.

[activities]: ../resources/itemactivity.md

## Permissions

Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "activities_list" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/activities-list-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /drives/{drive-id}/activities
GET /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/activities
GET /sites/{site-id}/lists/{list-id}/activities
GET /sites/{site-id}/lists/{list-id}/items/{item-id}/activities
```

## Example

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "list-activities" } -->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/activities
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/list-activities-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/list-activities-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.itemActivity)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "value": [
        {
            "action": {
                "comment": {}
            },
            "actor": {
                "user": {
                    "displayName": "Xavier Wilke"
                }
            },
            "id": "EJalEvjV1EgIYFQAAAAAAA==",
            "times": {
                "recordedTime": "2017-07-29T18:34:40Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "action": {
                "edit": {},
                "version": {
                    "newVersion": "2.0"
                }
            },
            "actor": {
                "user": {
                    "displayName": "Judith Clemons"
                }
            },
            "id": "cInT6/fV1EgFYFQAAAAAAA==",
            "times": {
                "recordedTime": "2017-07-29T16:23:35Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "action": {
                "mention": {
                    "mentionees": [
                        {
                            "user": {
                                "displayName": "Judith Clemons"
                            }
                        }
                    ]
                }
            },
            "actor": {
                "user": {
                    "displayName": "Misty Suarez"
                }
            },
            "id": "EBJa0vPV1EjFX1QAAAAAAA==",
            "times": {
                "recordedTime": "2017-07-28T20:14:14Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "action": {
                "rename": {
                    "oldName": "Document2.docx"
                }
            },
            "actor": {
                "user": {
                    "displayName": "Misty Suarez"
                }
            },
            "id": "QFJFlfPV1Ei/X1QAAAAAAA==",
            "times": {
                "recordedTime": "2017-07-28T20:12:32Z"
            }
        },
        {
            "action": {
                "create": {}
            },
            "actor": {
                "user": {
                    "displayName": "Misty Suarez"
                }
            },
            "id": "IJydkPPV1Ei9X1QAAAAAAA==",
            "times": {
                "recordedTime": "2017-07-28T20:02:24Z"
            }
        }
    ]
}
```

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Site/List sites",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
