api-reference/beta/api/chartpoint-get.md, before:

---
title: "Get ChartPoint"
description: "Retrieve the properties and relationships of chartpoint object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get ChartPoint

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the properties and relationships of chartpoint object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/series/{undefined}/points/{undefined}
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/series/{undefined}/points/{undefined}
```
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData Query Parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to help customize the response.

## Request headers
| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and [workbookChartPoint](../resources/workbookchartpoint.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_chartpoint"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/series/{undefined}/points/{undefined}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-chartpoint-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-chartpoint-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookChartPoint"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": {
  }
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get ChartPoint",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/chartpoint-get.md, after:

---
title: "Get ChartPoint"
description: "Retrieve the properties and relationships of chartpoint object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get ChartPoint

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the properties and relationships of chartpoint object.
## Permissions
Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "chartpoint_get" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/chartpoint-get-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/series/{undefined}/points/{undefined}
GET /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/series/{undefined}/points/{undefined}
```
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData Query Parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to help customize the response.

## Request headers
| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and [workbookChartPoint](../resources/workbookchartpoint.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_chartpoint"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/charts/{name}/series/{undefined}/points/{undefined}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-chartpoint-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-chartpoint-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookChartPoint"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": {
  }
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get ChartPoint",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
