api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-assignsensitivitylabel.md, before:

---
title: "driveItem: assignSensitivityLabel"
description: "Asynchronously assign a sensitivity label to a driveItem."
author: "jaLuthra"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "files"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# driveItem: assignSensitivityLabel
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Asynchronously assign a sensitivity label to a [driveItem][item-resource]. 

This API is part of Microsoft SharePoint and OneDrive APIs that perform advanced premium administrative functions and is considered a protected API. Protected APIs require you to have additional validation, beyond permission and consent, before you can use them. Before you call this API with application permissions, you must [request access](https://aka.ms/PreviewSPOPremiumAPI). 

For more information about sensitivity labels from an administrator's perspective, see [Enable sensitivity labels for Office files in SharePoint and OneDrive](/microsoft-365/compliance/sensitivity-labels-sharepoint-onedrive-files?view=o365-worldwide&preserve-view=true).

> [!NOTE] 
> This is a metered API and some charges for use may apply. For details, see [Overview of metered Microsoft 365 APIs in Microsoft Graph](/graph/metered-api-overview).

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)                                            |
|:--------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account)     | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All                                               |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.                                                                         |
|Application                            | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All                                               |

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /drives/{drive-id}/root:/{item-path}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /groups/{group-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /sites/{site-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /users/{user-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}/assignSensitivityLabel
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide the ID for the sensitivity label that is to be assigned to a given file. The following table lists the required and optional input parameters.

| Name                | Value        |Description          |
|:--------------------|:-----------------------|:---------------------------------|
| sensitivityLabelId  | String  | Required. ID of the sensitivity label to be assigned, or empty string to remove the sensitivity label.              |
| assignmentMethod    | [sensitivityLabelAssignmentMethod](/graph/api/resources/sensitivitylabelassignment?view=graph-rest-beta&preserve-view=true#sensitivitylabelassignmentmethod-values) | Optional. The assignment method of the label on the document. Indicates whether the assignment of the label was done automatically, standard, or as a privileged operation (the equivalent of an administrator operation).     |
| justificationText   | String | Optional. Justification text for audit purposes. Required when downgrading/removing a label.  |

## Response

If successful, the API returns a `202 Accepted` HTTP response code with an empty response body. The `Location` header provides the URL to get operation details.
For more details about how to monitor the progress of an assign sensitivity label operation, see [monitoring long-running operations](/graph/long-running-actions-overview).

In addition to general errors that apply to Microsoft Graph, this API returns the `423 Locked` response code, which indicates that the file being accessed is locked. In such cases, the **code** property of the response object indicates the error type that blocks the operation.
Also, Few Irm Protected sensitivity labels cannot be updated by Application and need delegated user access to validate if the user has proper rights, For these scenario the API will throw `Not Supported` response code.

The following table lists the possible values for the error types.

| Value                       | Description                                                                                                         |
|:----------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| fileDoubleKeyEncrypted      | Indicates that the file is protected via double key encryption; therefore, it cannot be opened.                          |
| fileDecryptionNotSupported  | Indicates that the encrypted file has specific properties that do not allow these files to be opened by SharePoint.|
| fileDecryptionDeferred      | Indicates that the file is being processed for decryption; therefore, it cannot be opened.                               |
| unknownFutureValue          | Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.                                                                   |

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of a request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "assignSensitivityLabel", "tags": "service.graph", "sampleKeys": ["016GVDAP3RCQS5VBQHORFIVU2ZMOSBL25U"] } -->
``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/root/items/016GVDAP3RCQS5VBQHORFIVU2ZMOSBL25U/assignSensitivityLabel
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "sensitivityLabelId": "5feba255-812e-446a-ac59-a7044ef827b5",
  "assignmentMethod": "standard",
  "justificationText": "test_justification"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/assignsensitivitylabel-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
Location: https://contoso.sharepoint.com/_api/v2.0/monitor/QXNzaWduU2Vuc2l0aXZpdHlMYWJlbCxiMzc3ODY3OS04OWQ3LTRkYmYtYjg0MC1jYWM1NzRhY2FlNmE?tempAuth=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhb....
```
The value of the `Location` header provides a URL for a service that will return the current state of the assign sensitivity label operation.
You can use this information to [determine when the assign sensitivity label operation has finished](/graph/long-running-actions-overview).

### Remarks
The response from the API only indicates that the assign sensitivity label operation was accepted or rejected. The operation might be rejected, for example, if the file type is not supported, or the file is double encrypted.

[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-assignsensitivitylabel.md, after:

---
title: "driveItem: assignSensitivityLabel"
description: "Asynchronously assign a sensitivity label to a driveItem."
author: "jaLuthra"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "files"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# driveItem: assignSensitivityLabel
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Asynchronously assign a sensitivity label to a [driveItem][item-resource]. 

This API is part of Microsoft SharePoint and OneDrive APIs that perform advanced premium administrative functions and is considered a protected API. Protected APIs require you to have additional validation, beyond permission and consent, before you can use them. Before you call this API with application permissions, you must [request access](https://aka.ms/PreviewSPOPremiumAPI). 

For more information about sensitivity labels from an administrator's perspective, see [Enable sensitivity labels for Office files in SharePoint and OneDrive](/microsoft-365/compliance/sensitivity-labels-sharepoint-onedrive-files?view=o365-worldwide&preserve-view=true).

> [!NOTE] 
> This is a metered API and some charges for use may apply. For details, see [Overview of metered Microsoft 365 APIs in Microsoft Graph](/graph/metered-api-overview).

## Permissions
Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_assignsensitivitylabel" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-assignsensitivitylabel-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /drives/{drive-id}/root:/{item-path}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /groups/{group-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /groups/{group-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /me/drive/root:/{item-path}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /sites/{site-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /sites/{site-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /users/{user-id}/drive/items/{item-id}/assignSensitivityLabel
POST /users/{user-id}/drive/root:/{item-path}/assignSensitivityLabel
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, provide the ID for the sensitivity label that is to be assigned to a given file. The following table lists the required and optional input parameters.

| Name                | Value        |Description          |
|:--------------------|:-----------------------|:---------------------------------|
| sensitivityLabelId  | String  | Required. ID of the sensitivity label to be assigned, or empty string to remove the sensitivity label.              |
| assignmentMethod    | [sensitivityLabelAssignmentMethod](/graph/api/resources/sensitivitylabelassignment?view=graph-rest-beta&preserve-view=true#sensitivitylabelassignmentmethod-values) | Optional. The assignment method of the label on the document. Indicates whether the assignment of the label was done automatically, standard, or as a privileged operation (the equivalent of an administrator operation).     |
| justificationText   | String | Optional. Justification text for audit purposes. Required when downgrading/removing a label.  |

## Response

If successful, the API returns a `202 Accepted` HTTP response code with an empty response body. The `Location` header provides the URL to get operation details.
For more details about how to monitor the progress of an assign sensitivity label operation, see [monitoring long-running operations](/graph/long-running-actions-overview).

In addition to general errors that apply to Microsoft Graph, this API returns the `423 Locked` response code, which indicates that the file being accessed is locked. In such cases, the **code** property of the response object indicates the error type that blocks the operation.
Also, Few Irm Protected sensitivity labels cannot be updated by Application and need delegated user access to validate if the user has proper rights, For these scenario the API will throw `Not Supported` response code.

The following table lists the possible values for the error types.

| Value                       | Description                                                                                                         |
|:----------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| fileDoubleKeyEncrypted      | Indicates that the file is protected via double key encryption; therefore, it cannot be opened.                          |
| fileDecryptionNotSupported  | Indicates that the encrypted file has specific properties that do not allow these files to be opened by SharePoint.|
| fileDecryptionDeferred      | Indicates that the file is being processed for decryption; therefore, it cannot be opened.                               |
| unknownFutureValue          | Evolvable enumeration sentinel value. Do not use.                                                                   |

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of a request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "assignSensitivityLabel", "tags": "service.graph", "sampleKeys": ["016GVDAP3RCQS5VBQHORFIVU2ZMOSBL25U"] } -->
``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/root/items/016GVDAP3RCQS5VBQHORFIVU2ZMOSBL25U/assignSensitivityLabel
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "sensitivityLabelId": "5feba255-812e-446a-ac59-a7044ef827b5",
  "assignmentMethod": "standard",
  "justificationText": "test_justification"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/assignsensitivitylabel-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
Location: https://contoso.sharepoint.com/_api/v2.0/monitor/QXNzaWduU2Vuc2l0aXZpdHlMYWJlbCxiMzc3ODY3OS04OWQ3LTRkYmYtYjg0MC1jYWM1NzRhY2FlNmE?tempAuth=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhb....
```
The value of the `Location` header provides a URL for a service that will return the current state of the assign sensitivity label operation.
You can use this information to [determine when the assign sensitivity label operation has finished](/graph/long-running-actions-overview).

### Remarks
The response from the API only indicates that the assign sensitivity label operation was accepted or rejected. The operation might be rejected, for example, if the file type is not supported, or the file is double encrypted.

[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md
