api-reference/beta/api/drive-post-bundles.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
title: Create bundle
description: Create a bundle of driveItems
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create bundle

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Add a new [bundle][] to the user's drive.

[bundle]: ../resources/bundle.md

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Not supported.                             |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All   |
|Application          | Not supported.                                           |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drive/bundles
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description  |
|:------------- |:------------ |
| Authorization | Bearer \{token\}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the bundle to be created.

## Response

If the request is successful, the [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) representing the newly created bundle will be returned.

Read the [Error Responses][error-response] topic for more info about how errors are returned.

## Examples

### Example 1: Create a bundle

The following example shows how to create a basic new bundle.
This request will create a new bundle named `Just some files` and add two existing items to the bundle.
This bundle can be used to share a collection of files with other users without sharing the folder those items are stored in.

#### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "create-bundle" } -->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/bundles
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "name": "Just some files",
  "@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior" : "rename",
  "bundle": { },
  "children": [
    { "id": "1234asdf" },
    { "id": "1234qwerty" }
  ]
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-bundle-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-bundle-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": "1234321!abc",
  "name": "Just some files",
  "bundle": {
    "childCount": 2
  }
}
```

The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

### Example 2: Create an album

The request to create a new photo album is similar, although inside the bundle facet, the album property is set to a non-null value.

#### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "create-album" } -->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/bundles
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "name": "My Day at the Beach",
  "@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior" : "rename",
  "bundle": { "album": {} },
  "children": [
    { "id": "1234asdf" }
  ]
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-album-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-album-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": "1234321!abc",
  "name": "Just some files",
  "bundle": {
    "childCount": 2,
    "album": { }
 }
}
```

The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

If _@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior_ is set to **rename** and a bundle with the same name already exists, the new bundle name will be updated to be unique.
OneDrive will append a number to the end of the bundle name.

For example, `My Day at the Beach` would be renamed `My Day at the Beach 1`.
If `My Day at the Beach 1` is taken, then the number would be incremented again until a unique bundle name is discovered.


[error-response]: /graph/errors

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create a new bundle or photo album.",
  "keywords": "create,bundle",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Bundles/Create"
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/drive-post-bundles.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
title: Create bundle
description: Create a bundle of driveItems
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create bundle

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Add a new [bundle][] to the user's drive.

[bundle]: ../resources/bundle.md

## Permissions

Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "drive_post_bundles" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/drive-post-bundles-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drive/bundles
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description  |
|:------------- |:------------ |
| Authorization | Bearer \{token\}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the bundle to be created.

## Response

If the request is successful, the [driveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) representing the newly created bundle will be returned.

Read the [Error Responses][error-response] topic for more info about how errors are returned.

## Examples

### Example 1: Create a bundle

The following example shows how to create a basic new bundle.
This request will create a new bundle named `Just some files` and add two existing items to the bundle.
This bundle can be used to share a collection of files with other users without sharing the folder those items are stored in.

#### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "create-bundle" } -->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/bundles
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "name": "Just some files",
  "@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior" : "rename",
  "bundle": { },
  "children": [
    { "id": "1234asdf" },
    { "id": "1234qwerty" }
  ]
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-bundle-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-bundle-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": "1234321!abc",
  "name": "Just some files",
  "bundle": {
    "childCount": 2
  }
}
```

The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

### Example 2: Create an album

The request to create a new photo album is similar, although inside the bundle facet, the album property is set to a non-null value.

#### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "create-album" } -->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/drive/bundles
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "name": "My Day at the Beach",
  "@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior" : "rename",
  "bundle": { "album": {} },
  "children": [
    { "id": "1234asdf" }
  ]
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-album-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-album-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "id": "1234321!abc",
  "name": "Just some files",
  "bundle": {
    "childCount": 2,
    "album": { }
 }
}
```

The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

If _@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior_ is set to **rename** and a bundle with the same name already exists, the new bundle name will be updated to be unique.
OneDrive will append a number to the end of the bundle name.

For example, `My Day at the Beach` would be renamed `My Day at the Beach 1`.
If `My Day at the Beach 1` is taken, then the number would be incremented again until a unique bundle name is discovered.


[error-response]: /graph/errors

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create a new bundle or photo album.",
  "keywords": "create,bundle",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Bundles/Create"
} -->
