api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-checkout.md, before:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Check out a driveItem resource to prevent others from editing the document, and your changes from being visible until the documented is checked-in."
title: "driveItem: checkout"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# driveItem: checkout

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Check out a **driveItem** resource to prevent others from editing the document, and prevent your changes from being visible until the documented is [checked in](driveitem-checkin.md).

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All    |
|Application | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{driveId}/items/{itemId}/checkout
POST /groups/{groupId}/drive/items/{itemId}/checkout
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/checkout
POST /sites/{siteId}/drive/items/{itemId}/checkout
POST /users/{userId}/drive/items/{itemId}/checkout
```

### Request body

No request body is required.

## Example

This example checks out a file identified by `{item-id}`.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "checkout-item", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "target": "action" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/checkout
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/checkout-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/checkout-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/checkout-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/checkout-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/checkout-item-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/checkout-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


## Response

If successful, the API call returns `204 No content`.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No content
```

### Remarks


[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create a copy of an existing item.",
  "keywords": "copy existing item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Copy",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/driveitem-checkout.md, after:

---
author: JeremyKelley
description: "Check out a driveItem resource to prevent others from editing the document, and your changes from being visible until the documented is checked-in."
title: "driveItem: checkout"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# driveItem: checkout

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Check out a **driveItem** resource to prevent others from editing the document, and prevent your changes from being visible until the documented is [checked in](driveitem-checkin.md).

## Permissions

Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "driveitem_checkout" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/driveitem-checkout-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{driveId}/items/{itemId}/checkout
POST /groups/{groupId}/drive/items/{itemId}/checkout
POST /me/drive/items/{item-id}/checkout
POST /sites/{siteId}/drive/items/{itemId}/checkout
POST /users/{userId}/drive/items/{itemId}/checkout
```

### Request body

No request body is required.

## Example

This example checks out a file identified by `{item-id}`.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "checkout-item", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "target": "action" } -->

```http
POST /drives/{drive-id}/items/{item-id}/checkout
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/checkout-item-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/checkout-item-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/checkout-item-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/checkout-item-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/checkout-item-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/checkout-item-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


## Response

If successful, the API call returns `204 No content`.

<!-- { "blockType": "response" } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No content
```

### Remarks


[item-resource]: ../resources/driveitem.md

<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create a copy of an existing item.",
  "keywords": "copy existing item",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Items/Copy",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
