api-reference/beta/api/formatprotection-update.md, before:

---
title: "Update formatProtection"
description: "Update the properties of formatprotection object."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ruoyingl"
ms.prod: workbooks-and-charts
---

# Update formatProtection

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of formatprotection object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/protection
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/protection
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(<address>)/format/protection
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(<address>)/format/protection
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/protection
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/protection
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|formulaHidden|Boolean|Indicates whether Excel hides the formula for the cells in the range. A null value indicates that the entire range doesn't have uniform formula hidden setting.|
|locked|Boolean|Indicates whether Excel locks the cells in the object. A null value indicates that the entire range doesn't have uniform lock setting.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [FormatProtection](../resources/formatprotection.md) object in the response body.
## Example
### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_formatprotection"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/protection
Content-type: application/json

{
  "locked": true,
  "formulaHidden": true
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-formatprotection-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-formatprotection-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response. 

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.formatProtection"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "locked": true,
  "formulaHidden": true
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update formatprotection",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/formatprotection-update.md, after:

---
title: "Update formatProtection"
description: "Update the properties of formatprotection object."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ruoyingl"
ms.prod: workbooks-and-charts
---

# Update formatProtection

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of formatprotection object.
## Permissions
Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "formatprotection_update" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/formatprotection-update-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/protection
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/protection
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(<address>)/format/protection
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(<address>)/format/protection
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/protection
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/protection
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|formulaHidden|Boolean|Indicates whether Excel hides the formula for the cells in the range. A null value indicates that the entire range doesn't have uniform formula hidden setting.|
|locked|Boolean|Indicates whether Excel locks the cells in the object. A null value indicates that the entire range doesn't have uniform lock setting.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [FormatProtection](../resources/formatprotection.md) object in the response body.
## Example
### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_formatprotection"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/protection
Content-type: application/json

{
  "locked": true,
  "formulaHidden": true
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-formatprotection-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-formatprotection-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response. 

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.formatProtection"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "locked": true,
  "formulaHidden": true
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update formatprotection",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
