api-reference/beta/api/permission-grant.md, before:

---
author: kevklam
title: Grant permission
description: Grant a list of users access to use the specified link
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# permission: grant

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Grant users access to a link represented by a [permission][].

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                   | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:----------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite, Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported    |
|Application | Files.ReadWrite.All, Sites.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /shares/{encoded-sharing-url}/permission/grant
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description  |
|:------------- |:------------ |
| Authorization | Bearer \{token\}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored", "scopes": "files.readwrite" } -->

```json
{
  "recipients": [
    { "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveRecipient" }
  ],
  "roles": [ "read | write"]
}
```

| Parameter          | Type                           | Description
|:-------------------|:-------------------------------|:-------------------------
| recipients         | Collection([driveRecipient][]) | A collection of recipients who will receive access.
| roles              | Collection(String)             | If the link is an "existing access" link, specifies roles to be granted to the users. Otherwise must match the role of the link.

For a list of available roles, see [roles property values](../resources/permission.md#roles-property-values).

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [permission][] collection in the response body.

A [permission][] representing the updated link will always be returned in the result set on success. The updated link can be identified by the presence of a 'link' facet containing the 'scope' property. In some cases it may be possible that the updated link has a different URL than the original link, in which case the new URL should be used.

Read the [Error Responses][error-response] topic for more info about how errors are returned.


## Example

This example grants the users john@contoso.com and ryan@external.com access to a sharing link without modifying other existing permissions on the link.

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "permission-grant", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "target": "action" } -->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/shares/{encoded-sharing-url}/permission/grant
Content-type: application/json

{
  "recipients": [
    {
      "email": "john@contoso.com"
    },
    {
      "email": "ryan@external.com"
    }
  ],
  "roles": ["read"]
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/permission-grant-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/permission-grant-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/permission-grant-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/permission-grant-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/permission-grant-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/permission-grant-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.permission)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "hasPassword": false,
      "id": "5fab944a-47ec-48d0-a9b5-5178a926d00f",
      "link": {
        "preventsDownload": false,
        "scope": "users",
        "type": "view",
        "webUrl": "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/:t:/g/design/EZexPoDjW4dMtKFUfAl6BK4BvIUuss52hLYzihBfx-PD6Q"
      },
      "roles": [
        "read"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

If the link is an [existing access](../resources/permission.md#existing-access-link) link, additional permissions will be returned representing the following:

- User-type permissions representing recipients who were successfully granted access. These can be identified by presence of the **grantedTo** property.
- Link-type permissions representing invitations that need to be sent to unrecognized external users for them to gain access. These can be identified by the presence of an [invitation](../resources/sharinginvitation.md) facet. These entries will contain a [link][sharing-link] with the invitation URL, and the grantedToIdentities collection will indicate the users to whom the link should be sent.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.permission)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "hasPassword": false,
      "id": "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
      "link": {
        "preventsDownload": false,
        "scope": "existingAccess",
        "type": "view",
        "webUrl": "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/teams/design/shareddocs/Document.docx"
      },
      "roles": [
        "read"
      ]
    },
    {
      "grantedTo": {
        "user": {
          "displayName": "John Smith",
          "email": "john@contoso.com",
          "id": "47aecee2-d061-4730-8ecb-4c61360441ae"
        }
      },
      "id": "aTowIy5mfG1lbWJlcnNoaXB8bGltaXRlZDJAa2xhbW9kYi5vbm1pY3Jvc29mdC5jb20",
      "roles": [
        "read"
      ]
    },
    {
      "grantedToIdentities": [
        {
          "user": {
            "email": "ryan@external.com"
          }
        }
      ],
      "invitation": {
        "signInRequired": true
      },
      "roles": [
        "read"
      ],
      "link": {
        "type": "view",
        "webUrl": "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/:t:/g/teams/design/EZexPoDjW4dMtKFUfAl6BK4Bw_F7gFH63O310A7lDtK0mQ"
      }
    }
  ]
}

```

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.



[driveRecipient]: ../resources/driverecipient.md
[error-response]: /graph/errors
[permission]: ../resources/permission.md
[sharing-link]: ../resources/sharinglink.md

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Add permissions to an item and optionally send a sharing notification.",
  "keywords": "retrieve,item,metadata",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Sharing/Add permissions"
} -->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/permission-grant.md, after:

---
author: kevklam
title: Grant permission
description: Grant a list of users access to use the specified link
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "sharepoint"
doc_type: apiPageType
---
# permission: grant

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Grant users access to a link represented by a [permission][].

## Permissions

Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "permission_grant" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/permission-grant-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
POST /shares/{encoded-sharing-url}/permission/grant
```

## Request headers

| Name          | Description  |
|:------------- |:------------ |
| Authorization | Bearer \{token\}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored", "scopes": "files.readwrite" } -->

```json
{
  "recipients": [
    { "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveRecipient" }
  ],
  "roles": [ "read | write"]
}
```

| Parameter          | Type                           | Description
|:-------------------|:-------------------------------|:-------------------------
| recipients         | Collection([driveRecipient][]) | A collection of recipients who will receive access.
| roles              | Collection(String)             | If the link is an "existing access" link, specifies roles to be granted to the users. Otherwise must match the role of the link.

For a list of available roles, see [roles property values](../resources/permission.md#roles-property-values).

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [permission][] collection in the response body.

A [permission][] representing the updated link will always be returned in the result set on success. The updated link can be identified by the presence of a 'link' facet containing the 'scope' property. In some cases it may be possible that the updated link has a different URL than the original link, in which case the new URL should be used.

Read the [Error Responses][error-response] topic for more info about how errors are returned.


## Example

This example grants the users john@contoso.com and ryan@external.com access to a sharing link without modifying other existing permissions on the link.

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "permission-grant", "scopes": "files.readwrite", "target": "action" } -->

```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/shares/{encoded-sharing-url}/permission/grant
Content-type: application/json

{
  "recipients": [
    {
      "email": "john@contoso.com"
    },
    {
      "email": "ryan@external.com"
    }
  ],
  "roles": ["read"]
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/permission-grant-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/permission-grant-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/permission-grant-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/permission-grant-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/permission-grant-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/permission-grant-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.permission)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "hasPassword": false,
      "id": "5fab944a-47ec-48d0-a9b5-5178a926d00f",
      "link": {
        "preventsDownload": false,
        "scope": "users",
        "type": "view",
        "webUrl": "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/:t:/g/design/EZexPoDjW4dMtKFUfAl6BK4BvIUuss52hLYzihBfx-PD6Q"
      },
      "roles": [
        "read"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

If the link is an [existing access](../resources/permission.md#existing-access-link) link, additional permissions will be returned representing the following:

- User-type permissions representing recipients who were successfully granted access. These can be identified by presence of the **grantedTo** property.
- Link-type permissions representing invitations that need to be sent to unrecognized external users for them to gain access. These can be identified by the presence of an [invitation](../resources/sharinginvitation.md) facet. These entries will contain a [link][sharing-link] with the invitation URL, and the grantedToIdentities collection will indicate the users to whom the link should be sent.

<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.permission)", "truncated": true } -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "hasPassword": false,
      "id": "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
      "link": {
        "preventsDownload": false,
        "scope": "existingAccess",
        "type": "view",
        "webUrl": "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/teams/design/shareddocs/Document.docx"
      },
      "roles": [
        "read"
      ]
    },
    {
      "grantedTo": {
        "user": {
          "displayName": "John Smith",
          "email": "john@contoso.com",
          "id": "47aecee2-d061-4730-8ecb-4c61360441ae"
        }
      },
      "id": "aTowIy5mfG1lbWJlcnNoaXB8bGltaXRlZDJAa2xhbW9kYi5vbm1pY3Jvc29mdC5jb20",
      "roles": [
        "read"
      ]
    },
    {
      "grantedToIdentities": [
        {
          "user": {
            "email": "ryan@external.com"
          }
        }
      ],
      "invitation": {
        "signInRequired": true
      },
      "roles": [
        "read"
      ],
      "link": {
        "type": "view",
        "webUrl": "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/:t:/g/teams/design/EZexPoDjW4dMtKFUfAl6BK4Bw_F7gFH63O310A7lDtK0mQ"
      }
    }
  ]
}

```

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.



[driveRecipient]: ../resources/driverecipient.md
[error-response]: /graph/errors
[permission]: ../resources/permission.md
[sharing-link]: ../resources/sharinglink.md

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Add permissions to an item and optionally send a sharing notification.",
  "keywords": "retrieve,item,metadata",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "Sharing/Add permissions"
} -->
