api-reference/beta/api/rangefont-update.md, before:

---
title: "Update rangefont"
description: "Update the properties of rangefont object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update rangefont

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of rangefont object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Files.ReadWrite    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/font
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/font
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/font
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/font
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/font
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/font
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|bold|boolean|Represents the bold status of font.|
|color|string|HTML color code representation of the text color. E.g. #FF0000 represents Red.|
|italic|boolean|Represents the italic status of the font.|
|name|string|Font name (e.g. "Calibri")|
|size|double|Font size.|
|underline|string|Type of underline applied to the font. Possible values are: `None`, `Single`, `Double`, `SingleAccountant`, `DoubleAccountant`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [workbookRangeFont](../resources/workbookrangefont.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangefont"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/font
Content-type: application/json

{
  "bold": true,
  "color": "color-value",
  "italic": true,
  "name": "name-value",
  "size": 99,
  "underline": "underline-value"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangefont-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangefont-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFont"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "bold": true,
  "color": "color-value",
  "italic": true,
  "name": "name-value",
  "size": 99,
  "underline": "underline-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update rangefont",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Update generated files with build 108807 [skip ci]

api-reference/beta/api/rangefont-update.md, after:

---
title: "Update rangefont"
description: "Update the properties of rangefont object."
author: "lumine2008"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "excel"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update rangefont

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of rangefont object.
## Permissions
Choose the permission marked as least privileged for this API. Use a higher privileged permission only if your app requires it. For details about delegated and application permissions, see [Permission types](/graph/permissions-overview#permission-types). To learn more about these permissions, see the [permissions reference](/graph/permissions-reference).

<!-- { "blockType": "permissions", "name": "rangefont_update" } -->
[!INCLUDE [permissions-table](../includes/permissions/rangefont-update-permissions.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/font
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/font
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/font
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/worksheets/{id|name}/range(address='<address>')/format/font
PATCH /me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/font
PATCH /me/drive/root:/{item-path}:/workbook/tables/{id|name}/columns/{id|name}/range/format/font
```
## Optional request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Workbook-Session-Id  | Workbook session Id that determines if changes are persisted or not. Optional.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance you shouldn't include existing values that haven't changed.

| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|bold|boolean|Represents the bold status of font.|
|color|string|HTML color code representation of the text color. E.g. #FF0000 represents Red.|
|italic|boolean|Represents the italic status of the font.|
|name|string|Font name (e.g. "Calibri")|
|size|double|Font size.|
|underline|string|Type of underline applied to the font. Possible values are: `None`, `Single`, `Double`, `SingleAccountant`, `DoubleAccountant`.|

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and updated [workbookRangeFont](../resources/workbookrangefont.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_rangefont"
}-->
```http
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/drive/items/{id}/workbook/names/{name}/range/format/font
Content-type: application/json

{
  "bold": true,
  "color": "color-value",
  "italic": true,
  "name": "name-value",
  "size": 99,
  "underline": "underline-value"
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/update-rangefont-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/update-rangefont-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.workbookRangeFont"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "bold": true,
  "color": "color-value",
  "italic": true,
  "name": "name-value",
  "size": 99,
  "underline": "underline-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Update rangefont",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
